readme.md, before:


# Arduino Files

# Introduction
These are files that i have found to use with Arduino

## Using CH340 USB to serial driver

If you have purchased an Arduino clone that has a CH340 USB to serial chip
then you will need the driver to use on your Mac OS X or PC.


CH340 USB to Serial chip drivers it can be found here:

[CH341SE driver](http://www.wch.cn/download/CH341SER_ZIP.html)

or in the drivers folder.

Some detailed instructions can be found here

[nstructables](https://www.instructables.com/id/Arduino-Nano-CH340/)

## On a Mac

After downloading the drivers file
Install the package and before rebooting do the following:

* Open terminal
* Write the following: 
	
	sudo nvram boot-args="kext-dev-mode=1" 

* Do not mess up here. It may ruin your computer if you write the wrong code.

* Once you have pressed enter, you will be prompted you for your password.
* Once done, restart your computer.

### Links

#### Projects

[arduino projecthub](https://create.arduino.cc/projecthub)

[luckyresistor](https://luckyresistor.me/)

[allaboutcircuits](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/)

[hackster](https://www.hackster.io/)

#### LCD

[u8g2 library](https://github.com/olikraus/u8g2)

Commit message:

added updated serial driver vCH341

readme.md, after:


# Arduino Files

# Introduction
These are files that i have found to use with Arduino

## Using CH340 USB to serial driver

If you have purchased an Arduino clone that has a CH340 USB to serial chip
then you will need the driver to use on your Mac OS X or PC.


CH340 USB to Serial chip drivers it can be found here:

[CH341SE driver](http://www.wch.cn/download/CH341SER_ZIP.html)

or in the drivers folder.

Some detailed instructions can be found here:

[nstructables](https://www.instructables.com/id/Arduino-Nano-CH340/)

## On a Mac

After downloading the drivers file
Install the package and before rebooting do the following:

* Open terminal
* Write the following: 
	
	sudo nvram boot-args="kext-dev-mode=1" 

* Do not mess up here. It may ruin your computer if you write the wrong code.

* Once you have pressed enter, you will be prompted you for your password.
* Once done, restart your computer.

## For Mac OS X Sierra

Use ch340g-ch34g-ch34x-mac-os-x-driver.zip located in the driver folder.

For more information:

[Visit MPParsley's github](https://github.com/MPParsley/ch340g-ch34g-ch34x-mac-os-x-driver)


### Links

#### Projects

[arduino.cc](http://www.arduino.cc/)

[arduino.org](http://www.arduino.org/)


[arduino projecthub](https://create.arduino.cc/projecthub)

[luckyresistor](https://luckyresistor.me/)

[allaboutcircuits](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/)

[hackster](https://www.hackster.io/)

#### LCD

[u8g2 library](https://github.com/olikraus/u8g2)
